if you are then watch this video
hi guys my name is kabalyero and you're
watching the kabalyero show
wtfast is an amazing program because it
helps people's become competitive in the
games they play by reducing their
in-game lag unfortunately you can only
use wtfast for free for 30 days after 30
days you need to pay a monthly fee and
alternative to wtfast is being sapper
ping server also has a multi-feed but
it's free trial will let you use o1r
before disconnecting you from your game
there is no limit to its one arm free
trial if you get disconnected after one
hour then you can just turn on ping
suffer again
we start the game after using being star
for a while I can safely say that WT
path is still a better product but being
suffer is another reason you can also
try the link to wtfast and Bing supper
is in the description of this video
that's it for this video and if you have
any comments questions or reactions then
please post them in the comments section
below also please support this channel
by liking this video sharing it to your
friends and by hitting that subscribe
button
thank you very much for watching and see
you in my next video
ah